in the ninth year of Zedekiah king of
Judah in the tenth month Nebuchadnezzar
king of Babylon and all his army came
against Jerusalem and besieged it in the
eleventh year of Zedekiah in the fourth
month on the ninth day of the month the
city was penetrated then all the princes
of the king of Babylon came in and sat
in the middle gate Naga cheresa Sangha
Nebo SAS Hakeem rhapsodes Nargis Ariza
grabber with the rest of the princes of
the king of Babylon so it was when
Zedekiah the king of Judah and all the
men of war saw them that they fled and
went out of the city by night by way of
the King's garden by the gate between
the two walls and he went out by way of
the plane but the Chaldean army pursued
them and overtook Zedekiah in the plains
of Jericho and when they had captured
him they brought him up to
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon to
riddler in the land of Hamas where he
pronounced judgment on him then the king
of Babylon killed the sons of Zedekiah
before his eyes in riddler the king of
Babylon also killed all the nobles of
Judah or over he put out Zedekiah's eyes
and bound him with bronze fetters to
carry him off to Babylon and the
Chaldeans burn the King's house and the
houses of the people with flag and broke
down the walls of Jerusalem then
neighbors are Rayden the captain of the
guard carried away captive to Babylon
the remnant of the people who remained
in the city and those who defected to
him with the rest of the people who
remain
but never the Radin the captain of the
guard left in the land of juda the poor
people who had nothing and gave them
vineyards and fields at the same time
now Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon gave
charge concerning Jeremiah - never sir
ater the captain of the guard take him
men look after him and do him no harm
but do 10 just as he says do so never
Raiden the captain of the guard sent
nebulas bomb rhapsodes Nergal cheresa
rad mag and all the king of babylons
chief officers then they sent someone to
take Jeremiah from the court of the
prison and committed him to get a liar
the son of a hikin the son of shaphan
that he should take him home so he dwelt
among the people meanwhile the word of
the Lord had come to Jeremiah while he
was shut up in the court of the prison
go and speak to ebed Mallick the
Ethiopian saying thus says the Lord of
hosts the God of Israel behold I will
bring my words upon this city for
adversity and not for good and they
shall be performed in that day before
you but I will deliver you in that day
says the Lord and you shall not be given
into the hand of the men of whom you are
afraid for I will surely deliver you and
you shall not fall with us
but your wife shall be as a prize to you
because you have put your trust in me
says the Lord
[Music]